# Judiciary Information System using MERN stack
Judiciary Information System will handle court cases and make the past court cases easily accessible to the lawyers and judges. For each court case, the name of the defendant, defendant’s address, the crime type (e.g., theft, arson, etc.), when committed (date), where committed(location), name of the arresting officer, and the date of the arrest are entered by the court registrar. 

A unique case identification number (CIN) is generated by the computer for each registered court case. The registrar assigns a date of hearing for each case. For this the registrar expects the computer to display the vacant slots on any working day during which the case can be scheduled. Each time a case is adjourned, the reason for adjournment is entered by the registrar and he assigns a new hearing date. If hearing takes place on any day for a case, the registrar enters the summary of the court proceedings and assigns a new hearing date. Also, on completion of a court case, the summary of the judgment is recorded and the case is closed but the details of the case is maintained for future reference. Other data maintained about a case include the name of the presiding judge, the public prosecutor, the starting date, and the expected completion date of a trial.

The judges will be able to browse through the old cases for guidance on their judgment. The lawyers will be permitted to browse old cases, but should be charged for each old case they browse.
